# CMPT276
Collabo is a group matching solution for individuals aspiring to work on personal, business or school projects. Similar group forming websites do exist, but none for the sole purpose of working on projects. People currently resolve this problem by working with friends, co-workers, and classmates or connecting through social media sites such as LinkedIn and Facebook. With Collabo, users are no longer limited to the reaches of their social network nor their geographical location. Users from anywhere in the world can connect to this online network and immediately begin finding projects to collaborate on. Collabo reduces the chances of encountering the ever-dreaded slackers and slobs, as this web app targets proactive individuals who want to build and develop a career. High schoolers, undergraduates, graduate students, and even business professionals will use our product to bolster their skill sets and experiences to pursue their career. 
 
	The crux of the project is the group matching system. Individuals with project ideas post a proposal and tag it with the skills they seek in a collaborator. On the other hand, those without a project idea are suggested proposals that others have posted based on their own skill set. 
The project can also be heavily expanded towards the organization of groups. Groups will be able set up due dates, organize events and create meeting times either through admins/managers or through the collaboration of all the team members. A typical application of this website could be the Agile development implementation of a group. Groups will be able to set up their meetings for sprint planning as well as schedule their sprints. 	
Collabo will not only limit its features to groups but can also be extended to individual people as well for personal use. This ultimately leads to the importance of a unifying calendar which maintains, manages, and merges the deadlines and events of every group.  
 
	The APIs we will be implementing with our project are Linkedin, Google Drive, Google Maps and Github. The Linkedin API will be used to not only attach projects that are completed or in progress but also be used to gauge the abilities of individual members. The Google Drive API will be used to reference non-coding based projects such as creating this proposal. Implementation of a document sheet will be implemented in replacement of a Google Drive API if there is sufficient time for extra features. The Google Maps API will be used to arrange and pinpoint meeting locations when a group manager calls a meeting. The Github API will be used to facilitate coding-based projects.
